c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\Nigon.Domain.dll.config
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\Nigon.Domain.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\Nigon.Domain.pdb
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\obj\Debug\Nigon.Domain.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\obj\Debug\Nigon.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Nigon\Nigon.Domain\obj\Debug\Nigon.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
